# cs-330
1.	How do I approach designing software?
My approach to designing software is to first break it into manageable, realistic chunks. As I am building it, I debug at routine intervals to ensure that it is running as expected, and to ensure that I didn’t break anything in the process.
o	What new design skills has your work on the project helped you to craft?
The new skills that this project has helped me to craft is mostly being patient. Also, learning to recycle code has helped me save a lot of time and headache. Seeing the finished project and then tweaking code to reach the desired results is another skill that I have crafted while working on this project.
o	What design process did you follow for your project work?
The process I used was iterative prototyping and design thinking. Basically, I started with a chunk of code that I was most familiar with then built around that, not necessarily in a straightforward or linear path. Once I got the framework stable, I focused on having a working “prototype” then tweaked my code until it reached the desired outcome.
o	How could tactics from your design approach be applied in future work?
Using these tactics will be applied in future work in a litany of ways. First and foremost, simply breaking the work into manageable chunks helped keep me from becoming overwhelmed. Secondly, the routine debugging allowed me to solve each problem as it arose, rather than having numerous issues at the end and trying to figure them out. Thirdly, by taking the extra step of creating a working “prototype”, I can actually better define how I want my finished product to look and work.
2.	How do I approach developing programs?
My approach to developing programs is very similar. First, I outline each part of the program and work on the parts I’m most confident in first. Then I work to achieve a stable framework and achieve a working “prototype”. From here I tweak my code until I reach the desired outcome.
o	What new development strategies did you use while working on your 3D scene?
While working on my 3D scene I used the iterative prototyping strategy combined with the designed thinking approach. By using these I was able to get a stable “prototype” and then build upon it until it worked as expected. Also, as I debugged and routine intervals, it helped me address issues more individually, as opposed to finishing and having a litany of errors. 
o	How did iteration factor into your development?
Iteration was literally my tool for success with this project. I started by breaking the full project into smaller chunks and debugging them as I went through the process. Once I had a stable “prototype”, I would tweak the code to create the desired outcome. These iterations, though tedious and time consuming, are the very reason my project works.
o	How has your approach to developing code evolved throughout the milestones, which led you to the project’s completion?
My approach evolved tremendously throughout each milestone. As we would learn new topics and techniques I would try and implement them in my project. Trying different functions and libraries really helped me to understand what I was doing and it correlated with the other milestones. Also, an additional step that I took that is easily overlooked is simply writing out each piece of the project so that I could more easily envision it. This was instrumental to helping me when I would get stuck and/or confused.
3.	How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
My overall goal is working in computer science to some capacity. Studying computer science and different areas of the discipline allow me to see what I like and dislike, and what I’m actually good at. 
o	How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future educational pathway?
Computational graphics and visualizations can be applied in a multitude of ways in my future works. I can work as a designer or animator with these skills. I can take these skills and learn how to make more immersive games. However, aside from these examples, I can take these skills and learn to visualize a project more easily. The addition of graphics and visualization opens doors within my educational pathway that I have not used before.
o	How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future professional pathway?
Computational graphics and visualizations offer new knowledge and skills that can be applied in my career by allowing me to more effectively relay my point and/or vision across to others. Computational graphics and visualization can help aid in trying to show exactly what I’m trying to get across, as opposed to simple reports. Also, the graphics and visualizations are more engaging and help the audience stay engaged.

